SCIM: Update docs with the reject_non_provisioned_users flag (#108657)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-scim-provisioning/manage-users-teams/_index.md

   - Configure the unique identifier field to match your IDP setup

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> If you want to allow only SCIM provisioned users to log in then enable the `[auth.scim][reject_non_provisioned_users]` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict login access to only SCIM-provisioned users, enable the `[auth.scim][reject_non_provisioned_users]` option. Cloud Portal users can always sign in regardless of this setting.
```

Author: Done.
